Python Provider 2.1.0 Release Notes (#1051)
Azure/AppConfiguration: releaseNotes/AzureAppConfigurationProviderPython.md

[Source code][source_code] | [Package (Pypi)][package] | [Samples][samples]

## 2.1.0 - April 29, 2025

### Features

> * Added support for including AllocationId to feature flag telemetry metadata when telemetry is enabled.

Reviewer: I prefer this slightly more- but both work.

```suggestion
* Includes AllocationId to feature flag telemetry metadata when telemetry is enabled.
```
